Hey there and welcome back.
So after our big project in the last section,
we will now actually move from the ES5 JavaScript version
to the ES6 or even newer for the rest of the course.
So remember that we talked briefly about JavaScript versions
right in the beginning of the course.
And so from now on, it's time to really dive deep
into next generation JavaScript.
And don't forget that everything that you learned
up until this point is, of course, still valid
and still very important.
Because all that really changes is a bit of syntax
and some new features.
But not really how the language works, okay?
So in this section you will learn what's new in ES6
so that in the next section, we can then create
a new, huge project using modern JavaScript.
(chill music)